LAW 
AMENDING THE LAW ON GAMES OF CHANCE 
(„Official Gazette RS“ no.94/2024) 
 
Article 1 
In law on Games of Chance (“Official Gazette RS”, no. 18/20), in Article 4: 
„for which the consent was granted by the minister in charge of finances 
(hereinafter; minister of finance)” is replaced by: “in accordance with provisions 
hereof”. 
Article 2 
In Article 6, paragraph 6 is amended to read: 
“It is the obligation of every organiser to display a poster, measuring 100 x 
80 centimetres, near the entrance doors or in close proximity to them, both 
inside and outside the building where games of chance are organised. The poster 
must contain relevant information on the prevention of addiction, as well as the 
contact details of the institution certified by the ministry in charge of health for 
the treatment of addiction to games of chance.” 
In paragraph 7, after words: „must be conducted” the text: „in accordance 
with regulations governing advertising” is added. 
Paragraph 8 is amended to read: 
“Organisers of special games of chance by means of electronic 
communication are required to submit data to the Administration or provide 
access to data about players who have self -excluded themselves in accordance 
with this law.”  
Article 3 
In Article 8, after paragraph 4, a paragraph 5 is added that reads:  
"The right to organise special games of chance cannot be transferred to 
legal entities whose approval for organising special games of chance on machines 
or special games of chance - betting has previously been revoked in accordance 
with Article 123 of this law.” 
Article 4 
After Article 8, the Article 8a and the title of that article are added, that 
read:  
“Transfer of the Right to Organise in the Case of Status Changes 
Article 8a 
The organiser, except organisers holding license for organisation of games 
of chance in casinos, which as a part of status change of merger, carried out in 
accordance with the law governing companies (hereinafter: acquiring organiser), 
acquires assets and liabilities of another organiser (hereinafter: transferring 
organiser) and meets the requirements provided by this article, with prior 
consent of the Administration, will obtain the rights from approvals and consents 
granted to the transferring organiser.   
Rights of the transferring organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above are 
transferred to the acquiring organiser from the date of status change pursuant to 
legislating governing registration of business entities and are valid until expiry of 
the period for which the acquiring organiser is granted the approval for 
organisation of special games of chance, which he obtained before the status 
change.   
Notwithstanding paragraph 2 above, if rights originally granted to the 
transferring organiser are transferred to the acquiring organiser by status change 
of merger, in accordance with paragraph 1 above, and the acquiring organiser did 
not have the approval for any kind of organisation before the status change, 
after transferring to the acquiring organiser such rights remain valid until expiry 
of the period for which they were granted to the transferring organiser before the 
status change.   
The acquiring organiser submits the request for prior consent referred to 
in paragraph 1 above, in electronic form through information -communication 
system of the Administration within 30 days from the date draft agreement on 
status change has been published, in accordance with legislation governing 
companies.  
The following must be provided with the request referred to in paragraph 4 
above:   
1) information about name and address of registered offices of the 
organiser participating in status change;  
2) copy of documentation published about the status change;  
3) list of locations of slot machine clubs and betting shops of the 
transferring organiser where the acquiring organiser intends to continue 
organising special games of chance, with specification of labels issued in 
accordance with Article 88 hereof;  
4) list of machines of the transferring organiser which the acquiring 
organiser intends to continue using with specification of labels of certified 
laboratory referred to in Article 73 hereof;  
5) information about approval for organisation of games of chance through 
means of electronic communication, if the acquiring organiser intends to continue 
with organisation by means of electronic communication based on the approval 
previously granted to the transferring organiser.  
Based on the submitted request referred to in Article 4 above, the 
Administration will within 30 days grant the prior consent or deny the request for 
prior consent for transferring the rights from the approval and consent originally 
granted to the transferring organiser.  
In the case of obtaining the prior consent, as referred to in paragraph 6 
above, the acquiring organiser is obliged to ensure the conditions for conducting 
the activities in accordance with provisions hereof related to the rights from the 
approvals and consents that have been transferred to the acquiring organiser 
based on the prior consent referred to in paragraph 6 above within 60 days from 
the date of registration of status change according to legislation governing 
registration of companies and provide evidence of this to the Administration 
within the same period.  
Notwithstanding paragraph 7 above, the acquiring organiser is required, in 
relation to the status change, to ensure the alignment, connection and the 
exchange of data from Article 63, paragraph 1, Article 80, paragraph 1 and 
Article 95, paragraph 1 hereof within 15 days from the date of registration of the 
status change in accordance with legislation governing registration of companies.  
Based on the prior consent referred to in paragraph 6 and evidence 
referred to in paragraphs 7 and 8 above, the Administration issues a decision 
within 30 days.   
In case of transferring the rights for organisation of games of chance in 
case of status changes referred to in this Article, the restrictions in terms of 
distance between two slot machine clubs or between the slot machine club and 
betting shop or casino, as set forth in Article 67, paragraph 3 and Article 82, 
paragraph 3 hereof, will not apply to the location for with the transferring 
organiser had the approval for organisation of special games of chance on 
machines and organisation of special games of chance - betting at the time of 
submitting the request for prior consent referred to in paragraph 4 above.” 
Article 5 
In Article 9, point 9 words: “of finance” are replaced by: “in charge of 
finance (hereinafter: minister of finance)”. 
In point 11 words: „random event algorithm” are replaced by: „random 
number generator (RNG).” 
In point 12 word: „paying” is replaced by: „wagering”. 
In point 14 word: “bets” is replaced by: „wagers related to the games of 
chance - betting, or games of chance through means of electronic 
communication”.  
In point 15 words: „in which participant bets” are replaced by: „in which 
participant places a bet”, and word: „bets” is replaced with: „wagers”.  
In point 17), full stop in the end is replaced with semicolon. 
After point 17), points 18 to 32), are added that read:  
“18) pay -in-pay-out desk equipment is electronic or electromechanical 
device with integrated software for monitoring pay -ins, pay -outs and bets, as 
well as any other monitoring devices used in the pay-in-pay-out desk; 
19) betting terminal is an electronic or electromechanical device that 
serves as a self-service pay-in-pay-out desk in a betting shop; 
20) bet slip is certificate of bet place on betting game of chance, which can 
be in printed or electronic form depending on how the player made the bet, and 
must contain at least the identification number of the placed bet, information 
about the organiser, the bet amount, information about the time of the bet, and 
a QR code; 
21) quick response code (QR code) is a standardized two -dimensions bar 
code that, for the purpose of this law, contains a hyperlink for data verification 
with at least the following set of data: identifier of the organiser, identification 
number of the placed bet, amount and the time of bet placement; 
22) a tournament is a format of games of chance in casinos in which 
participants, in the form of a competition, based on a previously determined and 
paid entry fee, gain the opportunity to play against each other from the same 
starting position, and have the chance to win prizes in predetermined amounts 
based on their in-game results; 
23) player verification is the process of checking person's age using 
electronic communication methods during the verification of birthdate 
information in the identification document when registering their account for 
participation in special games of chance by means of electronic communication;  
24) registration account is a unique account containing data on all 
transactions (bets, placed, winnings, payouts, transfers from promotional 
accounts, etc.), which is opened and managed for each player by the organiser 
of special games of chance by means of electronic communication in its 
information-communication system; 
25) promotional account is a unique account containing data on all 
bonuses and transfers to specific registration accounts of the player, which is 
opened and managed for each player by the organiser of special games of 
chance by means of electronic communication in its information -communication 
system exclusively for the purpose of awarding bonuses; 
26) electronic bet confirmation is an electronic record confirming a bet 
placed in relation to games of chance by means of electronic communication, 
marked with the player's identification number (ID) and a QR code, and 
electronically recorded in the player's registration account within the information 
and communication system of the organiser of games of chance by means 
electronic communication; 
27) bonus is any incentive that an organiser of games of chance by means 
of electronic communication grants to a player to encourage participation in a 
game it organises; 
28) jackpot is a prize that is randomly awarded to a selected player, 
resulting from the accumulation of a portion of other player’s wagers; 
29) jackpot system is an information and communication system that 
collects data on placed wagers, processes it, and randomly awards the jackpot to 
a selected player when the conditions for its awarding are met. 
30) shortest safe pedestrian path is a path that ensures the safe 
movement of pedestrians in accordance with regulations governing road safety; 
31) self -exclusion or self -restriction is a measure of responsible 
organisation of games of chance that allows a player to voluntarily exclude or 
limit his/her access to activities related to participation in special games of 
chance organised by organiser of games of chance by means of electronic 
communication; 
32) multiplayer automatic equipment is automatic equipment where 
multiple players can play simultaneously, each using separate, undetachable part 
of the equipment.” 
Article 6 
In Article 10, point 4 after word: „allow payment” words: „or placement” 
are added.  
In point 5) word: „bets” is replaced with: „wagers”. 
In point 6) word: “bet” is replaced by: „wagers or orders related to 
wagers”. 
Points 7) to 9) are deleted. 
Point 18) is amended to read: 
“18) use words in violation of Article 56 hereof;” 
In point 19), after word: „approval” words: „issued in accordance with this 
law” are added. 
In point 20), after word: „approval” words: „issued in accordance with this 
law” are added. 
Points 23) and 24) are amended to read:  
“23) keep automatic equipment, multiplayer automatic equipment, betting 
terminal, pay-in-pay-out desk equipment or desks for which the Administration 
did not issue an approval or issued an approval, but the equipment was not put 
in use in space where special games of chance are organised, except if such 
equipment is subject to the pending procedure for issuance of certificate by 
certified laboratory or in the procedure for obtaining the approval;  
24) keep automatic equipment, multiplayer automatic equipment, betting 
terminal, pay-in-pay-out desk equipment or desks in spaces where special games 
of chance are organised, but which do not allow storing, archiving and real -time 
exchange of data by electronic means with software solution of the 
Administration;”. 
Point 26) is amended to read: 
“26) allow or enable registered player by organiser of special games of 
chance by means of electronic communication to transfer funds from his 
registration account to registration account of another player;”. 
After point 26), points 27 to 37 are added that read:  
“27) allow or enable natural persons by the organiser of special games of 
chance by means of electronic communication to transfer funds from their 
current account to other person’s registration account of a registered player or a 
registered player to transfer funds from his registration account to other person’s 
current account; 
28) carry out pay -ins and pay -outs in cash, except in registered pay -in-
pay-out desk in the betting shop that organises special betting games of chance 
and for organisation of games of chance by means of electronic communication 
in accordance with Article 115, paragraph 11 hereof, in slot machine club for 
organisation of games of chance on automatic equipment, in casino for 
organisation of games of chance in casinos and on automatic equipment and on 
pay-in desk referred to in Article 115 hereof to top-up registration account of the 
player for organisation of games of chance by means of electronic 
communication; 
29) receive cash payments to registration account of single player in the 
amount exceeding 1.175.000 dinars and making cash payouts from registration 
account to a single player in the amount exceeding 1.175.000 dinars within any 
30-days period beginning or ending within calendar month, at the betting shops 
of a single organiser of special games of chance by means of electronic 
communication; 
30) provide services of topping up registration account of player registered 
for participation of games of chance by means of electronic communication, as 
defined in Article 115 hereof, in a venue where games of chance are organized;  
31) organise special games of chance by means of electronic 
communication in which players play against each other (Texas Hold’em poker, 
etc.);  
32) enable participation in games of chance by means of electronic 
communication during the period of self-exclusion; 
33) register registration account and allow participation in games of 
chance by means of electronic communication to a player without prior 
verification of that person’ age (player verification); 
34) organise jackpot in violation of provisions of this law; 
35) receive wagers in relation to special betting games of chance without 
issuing a bet slip or receiving wagers in relation to games of chance by means of 
electronic communication without issuing the electronic bet confirmation; 
36) organise games of chance on multiplayer automatic equipment which 
outcome is note determined Random Number Generator;  
37) organise tournament in games of chance, except by organiser holding 
a license to organise special games of chance in casinos.” 
Article 7 
In Article 11, paragraph 3 after words: „games of chance” words: „in 
accordance with this law” are added.  
After paragraph 4, paragraphs 5 to 14 are added that read: 
“For the purpose of obtaining the data referred to in paragraph 3 above, 
the Administration ensures that the software solutions it manages are connected 
with other electronic government systems. 
For the purpose of performing the tasks in public interest and exercising 
the authority provided by the law, the Administration, according to procedure 
and in the manner provided by this law, collects personal data, which is either 
submitted by the organiser or entities referred to in Article 115 hereof or by the 
Administration directly accesses the data of the organiser or persons referred to 
in Article 115 hereof. Such personal data includes data from identification card or 
passport, such as: name, surname, identification card or passport number, 
personal number, date and place of birth and place of temporary or permanent 
residence, audio and video recordings from venues in which games of chance are 
organised, information about location, time, amount, method and destination of 
transferred prizes in goods and services, deposits, pay -ins, pay -outs, wagers, 
winnings or losses of a player, data on registration and promotional account of a 
player, as well as data related to self-exclusion. 
Notwithstanding paragraph 6 above, for the purpose of performing the 
tasks in public interest and exercising the authority provided by the law, acting in 
accordance with the procedure and in the manner provided by the law, may 
collect other personal data from the organiser, if so provided hereby. 
Personal data referred to in paragraphs 6 and 7 above are stored and 
retained for the period provided by this law, but no longer than ten years from 
the date of: 
1) termination of the business relationship between the organiser and the 
player in the event of player’s account being closed, for data pertaining to the 
player whose account was closed; 
2) expiration of license, approval or consent for organisation of games of 
chance, for all other personal data collected by that organiser. 
After expiry of the period provided by paragraph 8 above, the collected 
personal data is deleted, to the extent it is not data used by competent state 
authority for a particular purpose. 
Data referred to in paragraphs 6 and 7 above may only be used for the 
purpose for which they were collected and cannot be disclosed to third parties or 
publicly released, except otherwise explicitly provided herein. 
Data about self -excluded players is provided to the Administration and 
exchanged with organisers in order to prevent addiction among participants in 
games of chance and to enable application on self-exclusion provided herein. 
In case of an obligation or need to allow third parties access to funds or 
data for the purpose of determining the technical correctness or repairing 
equipment used for games of chance, the Administration and organisers are 
required to implement appropriate technical, organisational, and staffing 
measures for the protection of personal data in accordance with the law 
governing the protection of personal data. 
In the case of audio or video surveillance, the processing of personal data 
may only be carried out for the purpose of verifying the entry of minors into 
venues where games of chance are organised, detecting use of automatic 
equipment, multiplayer automatic equipment, betting terminals, or pay -in-pay-
out desk equipment or tables for which the organizer does not have approval 
from the Administration or the Government's license, preventing rule violations, 
as well as for the purpose of controls aimed at prevention of money laundering 
and terrorist financing in the field of games of chance. 
The Administration may not require organisers to store audio or video 
surveillance recording for a period longer than 180 days.” 
Article 8 
In Article 12, paragraphs 2 and 3 are added that read:  
“The Administration concludes its proceedings with a decision. 
The decision referred to in paragraph 2 above, except decision referred to 
in Article 124 hereof, is final and may be subject to administrative proceedings.” 
Article 9 
In Article 37, paragraph 5 is added that reads:  
“The request referred to in paragraph 2 above is submitted in electronic 
form via information-communication system of the Administration.”  
Article 10 
In Article 39, paragraph 4, number: „500.000” is replaced with number: 
„1.000.000”. 
Article 11 
In Article 40, paragraph 2, number: „500.000” is replaced with number: 
„1.000.000”.  
In paragraph 3, after words: „to the competent authority” the text: „in 
electronic form via information and communication system of the Administration” 
is added. 
After paragraph 3, new paragraph 4 is added that reads:   
“When submitting the request referred to in paragraph 2 above, organiser 
attaches documents referred to in Article 39, paragraph 3, points 2), 4), 7), 8) 
and 9) of this law.” 
Paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 5. 
Article 12 
In Article 42, paragraph 2, points 4) and 5) are deleted. 
In paragraph 7, after words: „amendments” words: „referred to in 
provisions of paragraph 2 above” are added. 
Article 13 
Article 43 is amended to read:  
“Article 43 
An organiser may submit a request to relocate the casino. Along with the 
request the organiser must provide the following: 
1) decision of the competent body of the organiser on relocation of casino;  
2) detailed explanation of reasons for relocating the casino; 
3) evidence of ownership or use rights over relevant premises at new 
location where special games of chance will be organised in accordance with 
Article 49, paragraph 3 hereof;  
4) information about labels for tables and automatic equipment moved to 
the new location with information from Articles 45 and 74 hereof; 
The request referred to in paragraph 1 above is submitted to the ministry 
in electronic form via information-communication system of the Administration. 
Minister of finance, with prior consent of the Government, and the 
organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above shall conclude an amendment to the 
agreement on transfer of rights to organise games of chance in accordance with 
Article 42, paragraph 7 hereof. 
Before starting to organise games of chance on the new location the 
organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above shall provide to the Administration 
evidence on fulfilment of conditions from Articles 44, 45, 49, 50, 63 and 74 
hereof.” 
Article 14 
Title and wording of Article 44 are changed and now read: 
“Information and Communication System for Organising Special Games of 
Chance in Casinos and Technical and Functional Characteristics of Gaming Tables” 
Article 44 
An organiser of special games of chance in casinos is obliged to use an 
information and communication system for organising special games in casinos 
(i.e. Casino Management System) that enables storage, archiving and electronic 
exchange of data with software solution of the Administration for the purpose of 
real-time supervision. 
The organiser is liable for functioning and security of the casino 
management system referred to in paragraph 1 above.  
The organiser may obtain or acquire right to own or use the system 
referred to in paragraph 1 above or may independently develop it in accordance 
with applicable standards. 
Prior to putting a table or casino management system into use the 
organiser is obliged to submit to the Administration a certificate proving that the 
table or casino management system have the required technical and functional 
characteristics. 
Before reusing a table which technical and functional characteristics have 
been modified or in case of any modifications of the casino management system, 
the organiser is obliged to submit to the Administration an additional certificate 
proving that the table or casino management system have the required technical 
and functional characteristics. 
The certificates referred to in paragraphs 4 and 5 above are issued by the 
laboratory authorized by the minister of finance. 
The control of the fulfilment of technical and functional characteristics of 
tables or casino management systems is performed by the laboratory referred to 
in paragraph 6 above. 
The organiser bears the costs of testing the compliance with technical and 
functional characteristics of the tables or the casino management system.  
Minister of finance sets detailed technical and functional characteristics of 
tables and casino management system referred to in paragraph 1 above, 
methods and procedures for testing the compliance with the technical and 
functional characteristics and the casino management system, as well as detailed 
conditions for storing, archiving and exchanging data with the Administration.” 
Article 15 
In title of Article 46, after words: „tables” words: „and game of chance 
tournaments” are added. 
In Article 46, paragraph 5 words: „paragraph 2” are replaced by: 
„paragraph 5”.  
After paragraph 5, paragraphs 6 to 9 are added that read: 
“The organiser may organise a tournament in casino after obtaining prior 
consent from the Administration. 
The consent license referred to in paragraph 6 above is granted by 
decision of the Administration. 
The following information must be provided along with the request for 
organisation of a tournament: 
1) place and time period of the tournament;  
2) minimum total entry fee;  
3) minimum total prize fund of the tournament for payouts to the 
participants (prize fund);  
4) difference between minimum total entry fee and minimum total prize 
fund for payouts to the participants; 
5) label specifications for tables used in the tournament.  
The request referred to in paragraphs 2, 3 and 8 above is submitted in 
electronic form via information and communication system of the 
Administration.” 
Article 16 
Title of Article 47 is amended to read:  
“Repair and Verification of Functionality of Gaming Tables”. 
In Article 47, after paragraph 2, new paragraph 3 is added that reads: 
“Verification of table functionality is carried out as a part of the procedure 
of functionality testing conducted by authorized entity referred to in paragraph 1 
above.” 
After existing paragraph 3, which becomes paragraph 4, paragraph 5 is 
added that reads: 
“Minister of finance more closely defined method and procedure of 
verification gaming tables functionality.” 
Article 17 
In Article 49, paragraph 5 is added that reads:  
“The casino must have at least 15 tables where special games of chance 
are organised.” 
Article 18 
In Article 50, paragraph 2 is amended to read: 
“The organiser is required to provide the Administration with a link 
through which authorised representatives of the Administration can monitor live 
video surveillance as referred to in paragraph 1 above, and to keep the video 
surveillance recordings from paragraph 1 above for 90 days, or longer if so 
instructed by the Administration.” 
In paragraph 7, after words: „in the game” words: „and live monitoring of 
video surveillance” are added.  
Article 19 
In Article 54, paragraph 1 words: “at percentage” are replaced by: „at the 
prescribed percentage”. 
In paragraph 2, point 1 word: “payment” is replaced by: “payments 
received for participation in the game that the organiser retains from all 
participants in the game”. 
After point 1, point 1a) is added that reads: 
“1a) For games in which participants play against each other in a 
tournament referred to in Article 9, point 22) hereof - the difference between the 
amount of payments received for participation (entry fees) and the prize fund 
paid out to participants, not less than 5% of the total payments received for 
participation (entry fees).” 
In point 2), after word: „games” words: „where participants play against 
the casino” are added, word: „payment” is replaced by word: “wager” and 
words: „for certain type of game” are replaced by: „for all tables cumulatively”. 
In paragraph 3 word: „payments” is replaced by word: „wagers”. 
Paragraph 5 is amended to read: 
“The fee for organising special games of chance in casinos is determined 
at a rate of 25% of the base amount specified in paragraph 2 above.” 
After paragraph 5, new paragraph 6 is added that reads:  
“The minimum monthly fee for organising special games of chance in 
casinos, as specified in paragraph 2, point 2) of this article, cannot be lower than 
the product of the amount of 2,000 euros in dinar equivalent and the highest 
number of registered tables for games against the casino during the month.” 
In paragraph 6, which becomes paragraph 7 after word: „month” comma 
and the words: “for the previous month in which the tournament referred to in 
Article 9, point 22) of this law was completed” are added. 
Article 20 
In Article 55, paragraph 3 words: “for each type of game or gaming table 
separately” are deleted. 
After paragraph 4, new paragraphs 5 and 6 are added that read:  
“In case a tournament referred to in Article 9, point 22) hereof is 
organised, the organiser is obliged to keep separate records of payments 
received for participation (entry fees) and the prize fund paid to the tournament 
participants. 
Based on the data from the records referred to in paragraph 5 above, the 
organiser prepares the calculation of fees for organisation which is submitted to 
the Administration by the fifth day of the month for the previous month during 
which the tournament was completed.”  
In paragraph 5, which becomes paragraph 7 words: „paragraph 1 to 4” are 
replaced by: „1 to 6”. 
Article 21 
Article 56 is amended to read:  
“Article 56 
The terms "casino," "cazino," "kasino," "kazino" and their synonyms, 
translations, and all derived words, including combinations of letters, numbers, 
and special characters in these words, can be used in the name of the organiser, 
inside the venue, as well as on the exterior of the venue where special games of 
chance are organised, only by those organisers  who hold a valid license for 
organising games of chance in casinos.” 
Article 22 
In Article 59, paragraphs 2 to 4 are added that read:  
“In the premises where special games of chance on automatic equipment 
are organised, serving and consumption of food and alcoholic beverages is 
prohibited, except for low-alcohol beverages containing no more than 5% alcohol 
by volume, as defined by the law governing excise duties. 
The premises in which special games of chance on automatic equipment 
are organised must not have direct access to the area where food or alcoholic 
beverages are served, except low -alcohol beverages referred to in paragraph 2 
above. 
The organiser is obliged to display a notice in a visible location in the 
premises where special games of chance are organised, regarding the prohibition 
referred to in paragraph 2 above.” 
 
Article 23 
In Article 62, paragraph 1 words: “pays to players a minimum of” are 
replaced by: „pays to players at least”, word: “payment” is replaced by: „amount 
wagered”, and after word: „cycle” words: „(Return to Player - RTP)” are added. 
In paragraph 2, after word: „automatic equipment” words: “and be directly 
connected to the information and communication system of the organiser, while 
in case of multiplayer automatic equipment each separate, undetachable part 
must be separately connected to the information and communication system of 
the organiser.” are added. 
Article 24 
In Article 63, paragraph 1 after word: „surveillance” words: “real time” are 
added. 
Article 25 
Title of Article 64 is amended to read: 
“Organiser’s Surveillance” 
In Article 64, paragraph 1 after words: „from slot machine club” comma 
and the words: „cash register” are added. 
In paragraph 2, after word: “required to” text: „provide the Administration 
with a link through which authorised representatives of the Administration can 
monitor live video surveillance referred to in paragraph 1 above, and” is added, 
and word: „thirty” is replaced by number: „90”. 
In paragraph 6, after words: „participants in the game” words: „and live 
monitoring of video surveillance” are added. 
After paragraph 6, paragraph 7 is added that reads:  
“In order to comply with the prohibition set forth in Article 10, point 13) 
the organiser verifies the age of an individual solely by reviewing the photograph 
and date of birth in the individual’s identification document and must not 
process, store or use the data from the identification document for any other 
purpose.” 
Article 26 
In Article 65, paragraph 1 words: „one year older” are replaced by: „older 
than one year”. 
After paragraph 2, paragraph 3 is added that reads:  
“Controls of conditions referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 above are carried 
out by laboratory authorised by the minister of finance when testing the technical 
and functional characteristics of the automatic equipment referred to in Article 62 
hereof.” 
Article 27 
Title of Article 66 is amended to read:  
“Repair and Verification of Functionality of Automatic Equipment” 
In Article 66, paragraph 1 after words: „in proper working condition” 
words: „in accordance with requirements of Article 62 hereof” are added. 
After paragraph 1, new paragraph 2 is added that reads: 
“Verification of automatic equipment functionality is carried out as a part 
of the procedure of functionality testing conducted by authorized entity referred 
to in paragraph 1 above.” 
After existing paragraph 2, which becomes paragraph 3, paragraph 4 is 
added that reads: 
“Minister of finance more closely defined method and procedure of 
verification automatic equipment functionality.” 
Article 28 
In Article 67, paragraph 1 after words: „(primary and secondary schools)” 
text: “attended by children, minors and young adults up to the age of 19”. 
In paragraph 2 words: „(primary and secondary schools) to the entrance 
of the slot machine club where games of chance on automatic equipment is 
organised” are replaced by: „referred to in paragraph 1 above to the nearest 
entrance to the slot machine club”.  
After paragraph 4, paragraph 5 is added that reads:  
“Proof regarding the distance referred to in paragraphs 1 and 3 of this 
article shall be considered a certificate issued by the Republic Geodetic Authority 
and an expert opinion from a transport specialist on the shortest safe walking 
path referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 above have been fulfilled.” 
Article 29 
In Article 68, after paragraph 3, paragraphs 4 and 5 are added that read:  
“The request with documentation referred to in paragraph 1 above is 
submitted in electronic form via information -communication system of the 
Administration.  
Multiplayer automatic equipment for the purpose of paragraph 1, points 6 
to 7 above is deemed a single gaming machine." 
Paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 6. 
Article 30 
Article 69 is amended to read: 
“Article 69 
The approval for organising special games of chance on automatic 
equipment is issued for a period of ten years. 
At the request of the organiser, the approval referred to in paragraph 1 
above can be renewed by a decision of the Administration for a period of ten 
years, provided the organiser fulfils all conditions prescribed by law. 
The request referred to in paragraph 2 above is submitted in electronic 
form via information-communication system of the Administration within 90 days 
before expiry of the approval. 
When submitting the request referred to in paragraph 2 above, organiser 
attaches documents referred to in Articles 67 and 68, paragraph 1, points 2), 4), 
7), 8) and 9) of this law.  
The organiser must commence organising special games of chance on 
automatic equipment at the approved location within 120 days from the date of 
obtaining approval. 
If the organiser fails to commence organising the games of chance at the 
location within the deadline specified in paragraph 5 above and in accordance 
with the conditions set out in the approval, the Administration shall issue a 
decision revoking the approval for that location. 
An organiser whose approval has been revoked pursuant to the decision 
referred to in paragraph 6 above shall not be granted approval to organise 
special games of chance on automatic location at the same location for which the 
approval was revoked.  
The organiser may submit a request to cease the organisation of special 
games of chance on automatic equipment through the Administration’s 
information and communication system. 
The Administration issues a decision on the approval, extension, or 
cessation of organising special games of chance on automatic equipment based 
on the organiser’s request.” 
Article 31 
Article 71 is deleted. 
Article 32 
In Article 73, paragraph 5 is amended to read: 
“When multiplayer automatic equipment is put into use, the proof on 
compliance with conditions from Article 62 hereof is submitted for each separate, 
undetachable part that can be used by a player. 
After paragraph 5, new paragraph 6 is added that reads: 
Multiplayer automatic equipment can be put into use, withdrawn from use 
or relocated only as a single machine, with all of its separate, undetachable parts 
together, where approval referred to in paragraph 1 above is issued individually 
for each separate, undetachable unit.” 
In paragraph 6, which becomes paragraph 7 after words: „automatic 
equipment” text: „or multiplayer automatic equipment” is always added. 
In paragraph 7, which becomes paragraph 8 after words: „putting the 
automatic equipment” words: „or multiplayer automatic equipment” are added. 
After current paragraph 8, which becomes paragraph 9, paragraph 10 is 
added that reads:  
“The request referred to in paragraphs 2 to 4 above, as well as the 
additional certificate referred to in paragraph 8 above is submitted via 
information and communication system of the Administration.” 
Article 33 
In Article 74, after paragraph 2, paragraphs 3 and 4 are added that read: 
“For the purpose of this article, each separate, undetachable part of the 
multiplayer automatic equipment on which playing is possible is deemed a 
separate gaming machine. 
In case of automatic equipment that has been withdrawn from use and for 
which a new request for putting into use has been submitted, the certified 
laboratory referred to in Article 62, paragraph 6 above prepares and places the 
same numerical designation of the label as the automatic equipment had before 
it was withdrawn from use.” 
Current paragraphs 3 and 4 become paragraphs 5 and 6. 
Article 34 
In Article 75, paragraph 1, number: „25” is replaced with number: „50”. 
After paragraph 4, paragraph 5 is added that reads:  
“For the purpose of this article, each separate, undetachable part of the 
multiplayer automatic equipment on which playing is possible is deemed a 
separate gaming machine.” 
Article 35 
In Article 76, paragraph 1 is amended to read:  
“The organiser is obliged to calculate and pay a fee for organising games 
of chance on automatic equipment, at a rate of 15% applied to the base which is 
calculated as the difference between the total payments made by players and 
total value of winnings paid to the players, but which cannot be less than the 
product of 100 euro in dinar equivalent and the maximum number of registered 
gaming machines during a month.” 
Paragraph 2 is deleted.  
In current paragraph 3, which becomes paragraph 2 words: „paragraphs 1 
and 2” are replaced by: „of paragraph 1”. 
In current paragraph 4, which becomes paragraph 3 words: „paragraphs 1 
and 2” are replaced by: „of paragraph 1”. 
In current paragraph 5, which becomes paragraph 4 words: “achieved 
revenue” are replaced by: „received payments, payouts made, as well as wagers 
made and winnings paid”, and words: „paragraphs 1 and 2” are replaced by: „of 
paragraph 1”. 
After existing paragraph 5, which becomes paragraph 4, new paragraph 5 
is added that reads:  
“For the purpose of this article, each separate, undetachable part of the 
multiplayer automatic equipment on which playing is possible is deemed a 
separate gaming machine.” 
In paragraph 6 words: „of paragraph 5” are replaced by: „of paragraph 4”. 
Article 36 
In Article 80, paragraph 1 after words: „surveillance” words: “real time” 
are added.  
Article 37 
After Article 80, the Article 80a and the title of that article are added, that 
read: 
“Special Conditions for Betting Terminals 
Article 80a 
The betting terminals that are put to use are subject to provisions of 
Article 62, paragraph 2 to 9 hereof. 
Repair and verification of technical functionality of betting terminals is 
conducted in accordance with provisions of Article 66 hereof.”  
Article 38 
Title of Article 81 is amended to read: 
“Organiser’s Surveillance” 
In Article 81, paragraph 1 after words: „betting shop” comma and the 
words: „betting terminal, cash register” are added. 
In paragraph 2, after words: “required to” text: „provide the 
Administration with a link through which authorised representatives of the 
Administration can monitor live video surveillance referred to in paragraph 1 
above, and” is added, and word: „thirty” is replaced by number: „90”. 
In paragraph 6, after words: „in the game” words: „and live monitoring of 
video surveillance” are added. 
After paragraph 6, new paragraph 7 is added that reads: 
“In order to comply with the prohibition set forth in Article 10, point 13) 
the organiser verifies the age of an individual solely by reviewing the photograph 
and date of birth in the individual’s identification document and must not 
process, store or use the data from the identification document for any other 
purpose.” 
Paragraph 7 becomes paragraph 8. 
Article 39 
After Article 81, the Article 81a and the title of that article are added, that 
read: 
“Conditions for Premises 
Article 81a 
In the premises where special games of chance involving betting are 
organised, serving and consumption of food and alcoholic beverages is 
prohibited, except for low-alcohol beverages containing no more than 5% alcohol 
by volume, as defined by the law governing excise duties. 
The premises in which special games of chance involving betting are 
organised must not have direct access to the area where food or alcoholic 
beverages are served, except low -alcohol beverages referred to in paragraph 1 
above. 
The organiser is obliged to display a notice in a visible location in the 
premises where special games of chance involving betting are organised, 
regarding the prohibition referred to in paragraph 1 above.” 
Article 40 
In Article 82, paragraph 1 after words: „(primary and secondary schools)” 
text: “attended by children, minors and young adults up to the age of 19”. 
In paragraph 2 words: „(primary and secondary schools) to the entrance 
to premises where games of chance involving betting are organised” are replaced 
by: „referred to in paragraph 1 above to the nearest entrance to the betting 
shop”.  
After paragraph 4, paragraph 5 is added that reads:  
“Proof regarding the distance referred to in paragraphs 1 and 3 of this 
article shall be considered a certificate issued by the Republic Geodetic Authority 
and an expert opinion from a transport specialist on the shortest safe walking 
path referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 above have been fulfilled.”  
Article 41 
In Article 83, after paragraph 3, new paragraph 4 is added that reads: 
“The request with documentation referred to in paragraph 1 above is 
submitted in electronic form via information -communication system of the 
Administration. 
Paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 5. 
Article 42 
In Article 84, after paragraph 3, paragraphs 4 to 9 are added that read: 
“At the request of the organiser, the approval referred to in paragraph 1 
above can be renewed by a decision of the Administration for a period of ten 
years, provided the organiser fulfils all conditions prescribed by law. 
The request referred to in paragraph 4 above is submitted in electronic 
form via information-communication system of the Administration within 90 days 
before expiry of the approval. 
When submitting the request referred to in paragraph 4 above, organiser 
attaches documents referred to in Article 83, paragraph 1, points 2, 4, 5, 8, 9 
and 10 hereof. 
The organiser must commence organising special games of chance 
involving betting at the approved location within 120 days from the date of 
obtaining approval. 
If the organiser fails to commence organising the games of chance at the 
location within the deadline specified in paragraph 7 above and in accordance 
with the conditions set out in the approval, the Administration shall issue a 
decision revoking the approval for that location. 
An organiser whose approval has been revoked pursuant to the decision 
referred to in paragraph 8 above shall not be granted approval to organise 
special games of chance involving betting location at the same location for which 
the approval was revoked.”  
Paragraph 4 is deleted. 
In paragraph 5, which becomes paragraph 10 after words: „betting” 
words: “through the Administration’s information and communication system” 
are added. 
In paragraph 6, which becomes paragraph 11 after words: „decision on” 
words: „approval, extension or” are added. 
Article 43 
Article 86 is deleted. 
Article 44 
In title of Article 88, after words: „Desks” words: „and Issuing Bet Slips” 
are added. 
In Article 88, after paragraph 6, paragraphs 7 and 8 are added that read: 
“For each bet received related to the games of chance involving betting 
the organiser is obliged to immediately issue a bet slip. 
Minister of finance more closely defines the design and contents of the bet 
slip.” 
Article 45 
In paragraph 89, after words: „pay -in-pay-out desk” comma and the 
words: „or a betting terminal” are added. 
Article 46 
In Article 90, paragraph 1, number: „100” is replaced with number: „200”. 
Article 47 
In Article 91, paragraph 1 is amended to read:  
“The organiser pays a fee for organising games of chance involving 
betting, at a rate of 15% applied to the base which is calculated as the difference 
between the total payments made by players and total value of winnings paid to 
the players, but which cannot be less than the product of 1,000 euro in dinar 
equivalent and the maximum number of registered betting shops where games 
of chance are organised during a month.” 
Paragraph 2 is deleted.  
In current paragraph 3, which becomes paragraph 2 words: „paragraphs 1 
and 2” are replaced by: „of paragraph 1”. 
In current paragraph 4, which becomes paragraph 3 words: „paragraphs 1 
and 2” are replaced by: „of paragraph 1”. 
In current paragraph 5, which becomes paragraph 4 words: “achieved 
revenue” are replaced by: „received payments, payouts made, as well as wagers 
made and winnings paid”, and words: „paragraphs 1 and 2” are replaced by: „of 
paragraph 1”. 
In current paragraph 6, which becomes paragraph 5 words: „of paragraph 
5” are replaced by: „of paragraph 4”. 
Article 48 
In Article 94, paragraph 1, number: „300.000” is replaced with number: 
„500.000”. 
Article 94, paragraph 3 is deleted. 
Article 49 
In Article 95, paragraph 1 before word: „supervision” words: “real -time” 
are added. 
After paragraph 1, new paragraphs 2 to 6 are added that read: 
“The organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above is obliged to ensure that 
the Administration can access its databases or mirror server which are located in 
the territory of the Republic of Serbia. 
Data bases referred to in paragraph 2 above contain tables with all 
information reported to the Administration according to this law. 
The organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above is obliged to provide the 
Administration with access parameters for the account with selected privileges 
for accessing the data referred in paragraphs 2 and 3 above have been fulfilled.  
The organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above is obliged to make 
information and communication system for organising special games of chance 
available to the players through a single website only.  
The organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above is obliged to use 
exclusively one logo, trademark, trade name or sign of the organiser on the 
website referred to in paragraph 5 above.” 
Current paragraphs 2 to 5 become paragraphs 7 to 10. 
In current paragraph 6, which becomes paragraph 11 words: „paragraphs 
4 and 5” are replaced by: „paragraphs 9 and 10”. 
Current paragraphs 7 and 8 become paragraphs 12 and 13” 
Article 50 
After Article 95, the Article 95a and the title of that article are added, that 
read: 
“Self-Exclusion and Self-Limitation of Players 
Article 95a 
An organiser of special games of chance through means of electronic 
communication is obliged to provide players with the possibility of self -exclusion 
and self-limitation. 
A player may request, in writing or electronically, from an organiser 
referred to in paragraph 1 to be excluded from participating in special games of 
chance through means of electronic communication for a set period of time that 
cannot be shorter than 24 hours or permanently, in which case the self-exclusion 
cannot be withdrawn before expiry of 12 months. The player may also request to 
limit the maximum amount they can pay within a specific period of time to such 
organiser of games of chance through means of electronic communication (self -
limitation). 
Immediately after receiving a request for self -exclusion or self -limitation, 
the organiser of special of games of chance through means of electronic 
communication is obliged to prevent the player from accessing the user account 
in case of self-exclusion or limit the payments in accordance with the request of 
the player in case of self -limitation and electronically submit to Administration 
the data about the player who has self -excluded, as well as information about 
his/her request, and in particular the following: 
1) personal number of the player; 
2) date of the request for self-exclusion; 
3) time period of self-exclusion. 
After receiving the data referred to in paragraph 3 above, the 
Administration shall exchange the data with all organisers of games of chance 
through means of electronic communication with whom the self -excluded player 
has active user accounts. 
Immediately after receiving the data referred to in paragraph 4 above, the 
organiser referred to in paragraph 4 of this article is obliged to prevent the player 
from accessing the user account or from participating in games of chance 
through means of electronic communication in accordance with the request. 
An organiser which receives a player’s request to withdraw self -exclusion 
from a player, is obliged to notify Administration thereof immediately upon 
receiving such request. 
Minister of finance more closely prescribes the technical procedure and the 
manner in which data about a self -excluded player is exchanged between the 
Administration and organiser of games of chance through means of electronic 
communication.” 
Article 51 
In Article 96, paragraph 2, point after word: „electronic communication” 
words: „in accordance with Article 95, paragraph hereof” are added. 
After paragraph 4, new paragraph 5 is added that reads:  
“The request with documentation referred to in paragraph 1 above is 
submitted in electronic form via information -communication system of the 
Administration.” 
Paragraph 5 becomes paragraph 6. 
Article 52 
Article 97 is amended to read: 
“Article 97 
The approval for organising special games of chance through means of 
electronic communication is issued for a period of ten years. 
At the request of the organiser, the approval referred to in paragraph 1 
above can be renewed by a decision of the Administration for a period of ten 
years, provided the organiser fulfils all conditions prescribed by law. 
The request referred to in paragraph 2 above is submitted by the organiser 
in electronic form via information -communication system of the Administration 
within 90 days before expiry of the approval. 
When submitting the request referred to in paragraph 2 above, organiser 
attaches documents referred to in Article 96, paragraph 2, points 2), 6), 8), 9) 
and 10) of this law. 
The organiser must commence organising special games of chance 
through means of electronic communication within 120 days from the date of 
obtaining approval. 
If the organiser fails to commence organising the games of chance within 
120 days, the Administration shall issue a decision revoking the approval. 
The organiser may submit a request to cease the organisation of special 
games of chance through means of electronic communication via the 
Administration’s information and communication system. 
The Administration issues a decision on the approval, extension, or 
cessation of organising special games of chance through means of electronic 
communication based on the organiser’s request.” 
Article 53 
Article 99 is deleted. 
 
Article 54 
In Article 101, paragraph 1, number: „2.500” is replaced with number: 
„10.000”. 
Article 55 
In Article 102, paragraph 1 is amended to read:  
“The organiser pays a fee for organising games of chance through means 
of electronic communication, at a rate of 15% applied to the base which is 
calculated as the difference between the total payments made by players and 
total value of players’ winnings.” 
After paragraph 1, new paragraphs 2 and 3 are added that read:  
“Notwithstanding paragraph 1 above, a fee at a rate of 25% applied to the 
base referred to in paragraph 1 of this article is paid to special games of chance 
through means of electronic communication that are organised as a 
(re)broadcasting, i.e. delayed or direct broadcast of live game played by the 
players against the organiser (roulette, blackjack, baccarat, etc.). 
Minimum total fee referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article cannot 
be less than dinar equivalent of 50.000 euro monthly calculated proportionally to 
the number of days left in the month on the date of receiving the decision of 
approval.” 
Current paragraphs 2 to 4 become paragraphs 4 to 6.  
In current paragraph 5, which becomes paragraph 7 words: “achieved 
revenue” are replaced by: „received payments, payouts made, as well as wagers 
made and winnings paid”. 
In current paragraph 6, which becomes paragraph 8 words: „of paragraph 
5” are replaced by: „of paragraph 7”. 
 
Article 56 
After Article 102, the Articles 102a and 102b and their titles are added, 
that read: 
“Verification of Players and Electronic Wager Confirmation 
Article 102a 
In order to protect minors and enforce the ban on their participation in 
games of chance, the organiser of special games of chance through means of 
electronic communication is obliged to verify the player's age during the 
registration of the player's account by checking the date of birth in the 
identification document of that person using electronic communication means 
(player verification). 
For each bet received related to the games of chance through means of 
electronic communication the organiser is obliged to immediately issue an 
electronic wager confirmation. 
More detailed conditions and procedure of verification, as well as the 
design and contents of the electronic wager confirmation referred to in 
paragraphs 1 to 2 above are defined by the minister of finance.  
 
Special Rules regarding Bonuses 
Article 102b 
An organiser of games of chance through means of electronic 
communication may grant bonuses to players, but exclusively through a 
promotional account. 
An organiser may open one promotional account for each registered player 
who holds a transactional account with the organiser. 
The bonus referred to in paragraph 1 of this article, which the organiser of 
games of chance through means of electronic communication grants or approves 
for a player via the promotional account, can only be used for play. Such a bonus 
and the funds the player wins from the game through the promotional account 
cannot be combined (mixed) with the funds in the player's transactional account 
and cannot be withdrawn by the player directly from the promotional account. 
The player is not allowed to make deposits into the promotional account 
on their own. 
The wager or winnings in the promotional account are not considered as a 
wager or winnings in accordance with Article 102, paragraph 1 of this law. 
The organizer may transfer funds won on the promotional account to the 
player's transactional account. 
The value referred to in paragraph 6 of this article is considered a wager, 
as defined by Article 102, paragraph 1 hereof, both at the moment of transfer 
from the promotional to transactional account and at the time of any actual 
wager is placed through transactional account of the player.” 
Article 57 
In Article 103, paragraph 8 words: „of paragraph 1” are replaced by: 
„paragraphs 1 to 5” 
Article 58 
Article 106 is deleted. 
Article 59 
In Article 109, paragraph 2 words: “and grants consent for rules of the 
game” are deleted. 
After paragraph 4, paragraphs 5 and 6 are added that read: 
“In the event of organising games of chance through means of electronic 
communication, the rules of the game must be clearly posted on the website or 
portal of the organiser through which the participants engage in the games of 
chance, in a prominent location and in the manner that they are easily accessible 
for reading, downloading and storing by visitors of the website or portal of the 
organiser. 
The consent for the rules of the game referred to in paragraph 1 of this 
article is issued by the Administration.” 
Article 60 
In title of Article 112, after words: „organisers” words: “of special” are 
added. 
In Article 112, after paragraph 2, new paragraph 3 is added that reads:  
“The organiser is obliged to submit to the Administration the official 
document of the competent state authority referred to in paragraph 2 above for 
the founder, i.e. owner, beneficial owner and designated person of the organiser 
by 30 June of the current year.”  
In current paragraph 3, which becomes paragraph 4 words: „of paragraph 
2” are replaced by: „paragraphs 2 and 3”.  
Article 61 
After Article 113, the Article 113a and the title of that article are added, 
that read: 
“Change in the Capital Structure 
Article 113a 
An interested party may, in accordance with the law, purchase stake or 
shares, or join as a new member or shareholder in the capital structure of the 
organiser of special games of chance on automatic equipment, special games of 
chance involving betting and special games of chance through means of 
electronic communication, with prior consent of the Administration. 
Along with the request for consent referred to in paragraph 1 above, which 
among other things contains information about the name and address of 
registered offices of the legal entity or information about name, surname, 
temporary or permanent residence (if any) of a natural person intending to 
become a member of a shareholder, the following documentation must be 
submitted: 
1) decision on registration in the register of business entities or in other 
appropriate register in case of foreign legal entities, including the information 
about the amount and structure of capital or information from the identification 
card, in case of a natural person; 
2) evidence that tax liabilities have been dully settled in the Republic of 
Serbia for legal or natural entity referred to in paragraph 1 above; 
3) regulation of the competent state authority confirming that the 
applicant, its founder, beneficial owner, associate, designated person have not 
been sentenced to a fine, in case of legal entity, or to imprisonment, in case of 
natural persons, for a criminal offence in the Republic of Serbia or a foreign 
country and that they have not severely or repeatedly violated the regulations 
governing the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing during the 
period of restrictive measures prohibiting performance of certain activities that 
are the main business activity of the company for organisation of games of 
chance or during the period of restrictive measures prohibiting the authorized 
person to perform certain activities  which are the main business activity of the 
company for organisation of games of chance and during the period of restrictive 
measures prohibiting the authorized persons to perform certain duties in the 
company which main business activity is organisation of games of chance; 
4) if, for justifiable reasons, the evidence of non -conviction referred to in 
point 3 above cannot be obtained, the persons referred to in point 3 above may 
also submit a statement under full civil and criminal liability that they are have 
not been convicted and they are not members of organised crime group; the 
Administration may at any time request the person referred to in point 3) of this 
paragraph or the competent authority to provide the evidence of non-conviction. 
The Administration is obliged to issue a decision on granting the consent 
referred to in paragraph 1 above or the decision on denying the request for 
consent within 30 days from the date of receiving a due request and 
documentation referred to in paragraph 2 above. 
The request referred to in paragraph 2 above is submitted in electronic 
form via information-communication system of the Administration.” 
Article 62 
Article 115 is amended to read: 
“Article 115 
Organiser of special games of chance through means of electronic 
communication may engage a legal entity or entrepreneur for provision of 
services of receiving top-ups of transactional account of the player registered for 
participation in games of chance with that organiser, based on prior consent of 
the Administration. 
The organiser referred to in paragraph 1 above may conclude the legal 
transaction referred to in paragraph 1 only with the entity referred to in 
paragraph 1 of this article without any third parties (intermediaries). 
Along with the request for consent, the organiser shall submit to the 
Administration the following: 
1) proof that the entity engaged for provision of service of receiving top -
ups of transactional account is a legal entity or entrepreneur with registered 
offices located in the territory of the Republic of Serbia; 
2) certificate of the Republic Geodetic Authority as evidence that every 
venue where top-ups of transactional account, as defined in paragraph 1 above, 
are received located at a distance of at least 200 meters from educational 
institutions attended by children, minors and young adults up to the 19 years of 
age; 
3) certificate of certified laboratory that the entity engaged to provide 
services of receiving top -ups of transactional account uses the information and 
communication system to receive top-ups of transactional account; 
4) list of all venues with addresses in which the service of receiving top -
ups of transactional account of players is provided; 
5) evidence of the ownership structure of the entity referred to in 
paragraph 1 above, all in accordance with regulations on the Central Records of 
Beneficial Owners; 
6) agreement concluded for provision of services of receiving top -ups for 
transactional account, according to which such services cannot be provided 
without consent of the Administration. 
Certified laboratory shall issue the certificate referred to in paragraph 3, 
point 3) of this article if it establishes that the information and communication 
system for provision of service of top -up of transactional accounts used by the 
entity referred to in paragraph 1 above: 
1) represents a system independent from the information and 
communication system of the organiser; 
2) enables storage, archiving and real -time electronic exchange of data 
with software solutions of the Administration and the organiser. 
The Administration grants consent referred to in paragraph 1 above after 
establishing that the conditions from paragraphs 3 and 4 above have been 
fulfilled. 
Mandatory elements of the service agreement for top -up of transactional 
account are the following provisions: 
1) that every venue where top -ups of transactional account, as defined in 
paragraph 1 above, are received is located at a distance of at least 200 meters 
from educational institutions attended by children, minors and young adults up to 
the 19 years of age; 
2) that the entity providing the transactional account top -up services has 
continuous video surveillance of the location where top -ups are received, where 
recordings are retained for 90 days;  
3) that provision of transactional account top -up service to a player 
registered for participation in games of chance with the organiser can start after 
receiving consent of the Administration. 
The organiser is obliged to notify the administration on every violation of 
mandatory elements of the agreement within three days from the date he 
becomes aware of such event or circumstances. 
An entity referred to in paragraph 1 above is obliged to display a poster 
referred to in Article 6, paragraph 5 hereof in location that is visible to registered 
players that top-up their transactional account.  
If an entity referred to in paragraph 1 above receives top -ups for 
transactional accounts the poster referred to in paragraph 8 above may be on A4 
paper format, i.e. dimensions 21 x 29.7 cm and placed on the exterior of the 
facility or the counter (kiosk, etc.). 
Provisions of this article do not apply to provision of services within the 
meaning of regulations governing payment services. 
Organiser of special games of chance through means of electronic 
communication which also holds the approval for organisation of games of 
chance involving betting may receive payments and pay out funds from the 
transactional account of the player registered for participation in games of 
chance with that organiser at pay-in-pay-out locations in betting shops which are 
subject to such approval. 
Closer conditions and manner of fulfilling conditions for provision of 
transactional account top -up services, video surveillance, as well as storing, 
archiving and electronic data exchange with software solution of the 
Administration will be defined by the minister of finance.” 
Article 63 
After Article 115, the Articles 115a and 115b and their titles are added, 
that read: 
“General Conditions for Certified Laboratories and Legal Entities Authorized for 
the Repair of Gaming Tables and Machines 
Article 115a 
A laboratory authorized by the minister of finance is obliged to verify 
compliance with technical and functional characteristics of tables, automatic 
equipment, multiplayer automatic equipment and betting terminals referred to in 
Articles 44, 62 and 80a hereof, by affixing labels referred to in Articles 45, 74 
and 89 hereof and information and communication system for organisation of 
special games of chance referred to in Articles 44, 63, 80, 95, 115 and 115b at 
the location where the subject of inspection is situated, if the specific activity 
carried out by the laboratory requires physical presence at such place. 
The laboratory referred to in paragraph 1 above and the entity for repair of 
gaming tables and machines authorized by the minister of finance is obliged to 
enable storing, archiving and electronic exchange of data with software solution 
of the Administration. 
A certified laboratory may, through a contract, delegate to third parties the 
task of inspecting the compliance of technical and functional characteristics of 
tables and automatic equipment, including multiplayer automatic equipment and 
betting terminals, referred to in Articles 44, 62, and 80a of this law, as well as 
affixing labels referenced in Articles 45, 74, and 89 of this law, at the location 
where the subject of inspection is situated. 
The certified laboratory is required to submit the agreement referred to in 
paragraph 3 above to the Administration within three days from the date of 
agreement. 
The certified laboratory is liable for all actions entrusted to third parties in 
accordance with paragraph 3 above. 
The minister of finance may authorize a laboratory to perform one or 
several activities related to the examination of conditions and issuance of 
certificates provided by this law. 
The minister of finance defines detailed conditions of storing, archiving and 
exchange of data with the Administration referred to in paragraph 2 above. 
 
 
Jackpot 
Article 115b 
Jackpot may be organised by an organiser holding an approval for 
organising special games of chance with prior consent of the Administration. 
The organiser is required to submit a request for organising jackpot to the 
Administration at least 30 days before organising the jackpot, along with 
certificate confirming the compliance of the jackpot system, as well as other 
documentation provided by legislation referred to in paragraph 5 above. 
The certificate referred to in paragraph 2 above is issued by the laboratory 
authorised by the minister of finance. 
The Administration is obliged to issue a decision on granting the consent 
referred to in paragraph 1 above or the decision on denying the request for 
consent within 30 days from the date of receiving a dully prepared request. 
Closer conditions, documentation, manner and procedure of organising 
jackpot, checking compliance of the jackpot system and data exchange with the 
Administration are defined by the minister of finance. 
Article 64 
In Article 122, after paragraph 1, new paragraph 2 is added that reads:  
“In case of multiplayer automatic equipment, the inspection procedure 
measures referred to in paragraph 1 above apply to the multiplayer automatic 
equipment as a whole. 
Paragraph 2 becomes paragraph 3.  
After existing paragraph 3, which becomes paragraph 4, new paragraph 5 
is added that reads: 
When during inspection an inspector of the Administration discovers that a 
foreign individual is organising games of chance through means of electronic 
communication without approval of the Administration issued in accordance with 
this law, they will issue a decision prohibiting organisation of games of chance 
and send it to the competent authority that will ensure that the internet address 
of such entity cannot be accessed by blocking its IP address by operators of 
electronic communication and public communication networks and by blocking 
any payment transactions through banks and other providers of payment 
services in the Republic of Serbia.”  
Paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 6. 
Article 65 
Article 123 is amended to read: 
“Article 123 
When during an onsite inspection with the organiser of special games of 
chance on automatic equipment, special games of chance involving betting or 
special games of chance in casinos an inspector of the Administration discovers 
automatic equipment, multiplayer automatic equipment, table or pay -in-pay-out 
desk for which the organiser does not hold an approval of the Administration or a 
license of the Government and which are not the subject of pending procedure 
for issuance of certification by the certified laboratory or a pending procedure for 
issuance of an approval, the inspector issues a decision to prohibit organisation 
of special games of chance, and orders confiscation of the goods, equipment, 
documentation and other items that have been or could have been used for 
unauthorized organisation of special games of chance. 
In case of multiplayer automatic equipment, the inspection procedure 
measures referred to in paragraph 1 above will be applied to the multiplayer 
automatic equipment as a single machine, regardless of the number of separate, 
undetachable parts. 
The ban on organisation of special games of chance in business premises 
where the incompliance referred to in paragraph 1 above has been established is 
issued to the organiser for the period of 30 days and applies to all types of 
special games of chance. 
If an inspector of Administration , during the inspection process, 
determines that the same violation referred to in paragraph 1 above has been 
committed in the business premises in which the organiser, to whom the 
prohibition on organisation has been imposed under paragraph 3 above, 
organises special games of chance on automatic equipment or special games of 
chance involving betting, the inspector of the Administration will impose a ban on 
organising special games of chance in that business premises. 
The ban on organising special games of chance on automatic equipment or 
special games of chance involving betting referred to in paragraph 4 above is 
imposed for the validity period of the approval for organisation of games of 
chance on automatic equipment or special games of chance involving betting. 
The organiser of special games of chance on automatic equipment or 
special games of chance involving betting referred to in paragraph 4 above will 
have their approval for organisation of special games of chance for that business 
premises revoked.  
The decision revoking the approval referred to in paragraph 6 above is 
issued by the Administration. 
When in the course of onsite inspection the inspector of Administration 
establishes that the organiser of special games of chance in casino repeated the 
violation referred to in paragraph 1 above in the same business premises for 
which the ban on organisation referred to in paragraph 3 above has been 
imposed, the Administration sends a proposal to the minister of finance to revoke 
the license of that organiser for organisation of special games of chance in casino 
for that business premises.  
The license referred to in paragraph 8 is revoked by the Government at 
proposal of the minister of finance. 
The business premises where the measure of banning the organization of 
games of chance applies, as specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of this article, must 
be marked with a notice, tape, or poster issued by the Administration. 
The method of marking, as well as the content and design of the signs 
used to mark the business premises of an organizer subject to the measure of 
prohibiting the organization of games of chance, will be prescribed by the 
minister of finance." 
Article 66 
Article 132 is amended to read: 
“Article 132 
A monetary fine ranging from 100,000 dinars to 2,000,000 dinars will be 
imposed for the offence on the State Lottery of Serbia and the legal entity that: 
1) fails to display a poster with the appropriate text on the prevention of 
addiction in accordance with Article 6, paragraph 5 hereof; 
2) fails to provide the Administration with data or fails to allow access to 
data on players who have self-excluded (Article 6, paragraph 8); 
3) fails to ensure the conditions for conducting activities in accordance 
with the provisions of this law within 60 days from the date of registration of the 
status change, in accordance with the regulations governing registration, and 
does not submit evidence to the Administration within the same period (Article 
8a, paragraph 7); 
4) in relation to the status change made, fails to ensure the alignment, 
connection and the exchange of data from Article 63, paragraph 1, Article 80, 
paragraph 1 and Article 95, paragraph 1 hereof within 15 days from the date of 
registration of the status change in accordance with legislation governing 
registration of companies (Article 8a, paragraph 8); 
5) acts contrary to the prohibition set out in Article 10 hereof; 
6) fails to guarantee the payment or allocation of winnings (Articles 17, 
19, 20, and 21); 
7) fails to provide the Administration with the decision on organising the 
games of chance (Article 23, paragraph 1); 
8) changes the rules of classic games after the sale of lottery tickets, 
tickets, or cards for a specific round or series, or after the receipt of payments 
(Article 25, paragraph 2); 
9) fails to publish the rules of the game of chance in the daily or weekly 
press before the start of the game, and does not allow persons interested in 
participating in the game to get acquainted with the rules at the points of sale. 
10) fails to conduct the draw or determine the winnings in the presence of 
a committee consisting of at least three members appointed by the organiser, or 
fails to conduct the draw publicly (Article 26); 
11) fails to conduct the drawing in a live TV broadcast when the draw is 
organised in front of TV cameras (Article 27); 
12) fails to publish any change of place or date of the draw in the same 
way the rules of the game of chance are published or fails to notify the 
Administration on changing the date of the draw due to technical reasons (Article 
28, paragraphs 2 and 3); 
13) fails to refund the participants for sold lottery tickets, tickets or cards, 
i.e. paid wagers in case of game of chance is cancelled (Article 28, paragraph 5); 
14) fails to submit the report to the Administration on progress of the 
draw within the timeframe provided (Article 29, paragraph 2); 
15) fails to publish the results of a game of chance in the press or in its 
official website within the timeframe provided (Article 30); 
16) fails to pay out the cash prize of fails to ensure collection of another 
prize in classic games of chance within the prescribe timeframe or fails to submit 
a report to the Administration within the prescribed timeframe (Article 31, 
paragraph 1 and 4); 
17) publishes the identity of the winner in violation of the game rules 
(Article 31, paragraph 5); 
18) fails to pay the fee for organising classic games of chance in the 
prescribed amount, manner, and within the prescribed timeframe (Article 33, 
paragraphs 1 and 3, and Article 102, paragraph 4); 
19) fails to submit records in the manner and within the timeframe 
prescribed by this law (Article 33, paragraph 2, Article 55, paragraphs 4 and 6, 
Article 76, paragraph 4, Article 91, paragraph 4, and Article 102, paragraph 7); 
20) fails to maintain the amount of the share capital referred to in Articles 
36, 60, 78, 93, and 113 hereof during the validity period of the licence or 
approval; 
21) purchases a stake or shares, or increases the existing stake or number 
of shares in the capital structure of the organiser of games of chance in casinos, 
without prior approval from the minister of finance (Article 37, paragraph 1); 
22) fails to use the appropriate information and communication system for 
organising special games of chance in casinos (Article 44, paragraph 1); 
23) fails to provide the Administration with a certificate of compliance with 
the technical and functional characteristics of the table before putting it into use, 
or the information and communication system (Article 44, paragraph 4); 
24) fails to provide the Administration with an additional certificate for any 
change in the technical and functional characteristics of the table, or the 
information and communication system (Article 44, paragraph 5); 
25) fails to verify technical functionality of gaming tables (Article 47); 
26) fails to arrange the premises in accordance with Article 49 hereof; 
27) fails to ensure continuous audio and video surveillance, as well as 
storing of recordings in the manner provided by this law (Article 50, 64 and 81); 
28) fails to provide the Administration with the link that can be used by 
authorised representatives of Administration to monitor the video surveillance 
live (Article 50, paragraph 2, Article 64, paragraph 2 and Article 81, paragraph 
2); 
29) fails to ensure physical protection for players and visitors of the casino 
(Article 50, paragraph 3); 
30) fails to ensure a permanent database of individuals who are permitted 
entry into the casino or fails to provide their appropriate written statements 
(Article 51, paragraph 4); 
31) allows employees of the organiser to participate in the games 
organised by that organiser (Article 52, paragraph 1, Article 72, paragraph 1, 
Article 87, paragraph 1, and Article 100); 
32) allows employees to receive commissions, gifts, loans, or other 
benefits for themselves or others from players, or to financially assist players 
(Article 52, paragraph 2); 
33) acts in violation of provisions of Article 54, paragraph 3 hereof; 
34) fails to pay the fee for organising special games of chance in casino in 
the prescribed amount, manner, and within the prescribed timeframe (Article 54, 
5, 6 and 7); 
35) fails to keep records of the fee base, which is used to calculate and 
pay the fees, in the manner and under conditions defined by the minister of 
finance or fails to submit monthly calculation of fees for organisation of games of 
chance within provide timeframes (Article 55); 
36) has less than five gaming machines in the premises where special 
games of chance on automatic equipment are organised (Article 59, paragraph 
1); 
37) serves food or alcoholic beverages or allows their consumption in the 
premises where special games of chance are organised, or allows direct access to 
the area where food and alcoholic beverages are served contrary to provisions 
hereof or fails to display a notice in a visible location no prohibition provided by 
the law (Article 59, paragraphs 2 to 4 and Article 81a); 
38) fails to set up the gaming machine in the manner provided by Article 
62, paragraph 1 hereof; 
39) fails to connect automatic equipment directly to this information and 
communication system or fails to ensure appropriate accuracy, currency and 
protection of technical and functional characteristics of automatic equipment 
(Article 62, paragraphs 2 and 3); 
40) fails to provide the Administration with a certificate of compliance with 
the technical and functional characteristics of the automatic equipment before 
putting it into use (Article 62, paragraph 4); 
41) fails to provide the Administration with an additional certificate for any 
change in the technical and functional characteristics of the automatic equipment 
(Article 62, paragraph 5); 
42) fails to use the appropriate information and communication system for 
organising special games of chance on automatic equipment (Article 63, 
paragraph 1); 
43) fails to provide the Administration with a certificate of compliance with 
the technical and functional characteristics of the information and communication 
system putting it into use (Article 63, paragraph 4); 
44) fails to provide the Administration with an additional certificate for any 
change in characteristics of the information and communication system (Article 
63, paragraph 5); 
45) acts in violation of provisions of Article 64, paragraph 7 and Article 81, 
paragraph 7 hereof; 
46) fails to verify technical functionality of automatic equipment (Article 
66); 
47) acts in violation of provisions of Article 65, paragraphs 1 and 2 hereof; 
48) organises games of chance in slot machine club or casino at a distance 
that is shorter than the one provided by the law (Article 57, paragraphs 1 to 4 
and Article 82, paragraphs 1 to 4); 
49) fails to notify the Administration if during the validity period any 
information of importance for issuance of the approval is changed (Article 68, 
paragraph 3, Article 83, paragraph 3 and Article 96, paragraph 3); 
50) fails to commence with the activity of organising special games of 
chance on automatic equipment within 120 days from the date of receiving the 
approval (Article 69, paragraph 5); 
51) fails to pay the fee for the approval for organising special games of 
chance on automatic equipment in the prescribed amount, manner, and within 
the prescribed timeframe (Article 75); 
52) fails to pay the fee for organising special games of chance on 
automatic equipment in the prescribed amount, manner, and within the 
prescribed timeframe (Article 76, paragraphs 1 to 3); 
53) fails to keep records on received payments, payouts made, as well as 
on wagers made and winnings paid per machine (Article 76, paragraph 4); 
54) fails to use the appropriate information and communication system for 
organising special games of chance involving betting (Article 80, paragraph 1); 
55) fails to provide the Administration with a certificate of compliance with 
the technical and functional characteristics of the information and communication 
system putting it into use (Article 80, paragraph 4); 
56) fails to provide the Administration with an additional certificate for any 
change in the technical and functional characteristics of the information and 
communication system (Article 80, paragraph 5); 
57) fails to commence with the activity of organising special games of 
chance involving betting within 120 days from the date of receiving the approval 
(Article 84, paragraph 7); 
58) fails to pay the fee for the approval for organising special games of 
chance involving betting in the prescribed amount, manner, and within the 
prescribed timeframe (Article 90); 
59) fails to pay the fee for organising special games of chance involving 
betting in the prescribed amount, manner, and within the prescribed timeframe 
(Article 91, paragraphs 1 to 3); 
60) fails to keep records on received payments, payouts made, as well as 
on wagers made and winnings paid for each pay -in-pay-out desk (Article 91, 
paragraph 4); 
61) fails to use the appropriate information and communication system for 
organising special games of chance through means of electronic communication 
(Article 95, paragraph 1); 
62) fails to provide access to its databases or mirror server which are 
located in the territory of the Republic of Serbia (Article 95, paragraph 2); 
63) fails to provide the Administration with access parameters for the 
account with selected privileges for accessing the required data (Article 95, 
paragraph 4); 
64) makes information and communication system for organising games of 
chance available to the players through more than one website (Article 95, 
paragraph 5); 
65) uses more than one logo, trademark, trade name or sign of the 
organiser on the website (Article 95, paragraph 6); 
66) fails to provide the Administration with a certificate of compliance with 
the technical and functional characteristics of the information and communication 
system putting it into use (Article 95, paragraph 9); 
67) fails to provide the Administration with an additional certificate for any 
change in the technical and functional characteristics of the system (Article 95, 
paragraph 10); 
68) fails to give a player the option of self -exclusion or self -limitation 
(Article 95a, paragraph 1); 
69) fails to immediately, upon receiving a request for self-exclusion or self-
limitation, prevent access to the player's account or participation in games of 
chance via electronic communication means in accordance with the player's 
request, or fails to submit to the Administration data about the player who has 
self-excluded (Article 95a, paragraph 3); 
70) fails to, immediately upon receiving data from the Administration as 
per Article 95a, paragraph 4, disable the player’s access to their user account or 
prevent their participation in games of chance via electronic communication 
means in accordance with their request (Article 95a, paragraph 5); 
71) fails to commence with the activity of organising special games of 
chance through means of electronic communication with the timeframe provided 
(Article 97, paragraph 5); 
72) grants bonuses or handles bonuses contrary to the provisions of 
Article 102b hereof; 
73) fails to pay the fee for the approval for organising special games of 
chance through means of electronic communication in the prescribed amount, 
manner, and within the prescribed timeframe (Article 101); 
74) fails to pay the fee for organising special games of chance through 
means of electronic communication in the prescribed amount, manner, and within 
the prescribed timeframe (Article 102, paragraph 1 to 6); 
75) fails to keep records on received payments, payouts made, as well as 
on the payments made and winnings paid in the game of chance through means 
of electronic communication in the prescribed manner (Article 102, paragraph 7); 
76) fails to publish the rules of the game in at least daily newspaper 
distributed throughout the territory of the Republic of Serbia at least eight days 
before the start of the prize game and fails to submit proof to the Administration 
that the rules have been published (Article 103, paragraph); 
77) fails to pay the fee for organising prize games in the prescribed 
amount, manner, and within the prescribed timeframe (Article 107) 
78) fails to notify the Administration of results of the prize game within 30 
days from the date the prize game was completed (Article 108, paragraph 1); 
79) fails to display the rules of the game at visible location in the premises 
where the game is organised or fails to publish them in another manner provided 
by this law (Article 109, paragraphs 3 and 5); 
80) changes the rules of the game during the course of the game (Article 
109, paragraph 4); 
81) acts contrary to the provisions of Article 110 hereof; 
82) acts in violation of provisions of Article 112, paragraphs 2 to 4 hereof; 
83) allows for change of capital structure without prior consent of the 
Administration (Article 113a); 
84) acts in violation of provisions of Article 115b; 
85) fails to provide information, business documents and other documents 
in accordance with the request of the Administration (Article 117); 
86) fails to be present at the location of inspection, although it has been 
dully notified about the forthcoming inspection (Article 118, paragraph 8); 
87) fails to allow the inspector to conduct unhindered inspection (Article 
118, paragraph 11). 
For offences referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article the responsible 
person in the National Lottery of Serbia and the responsible person in the legal 
entity will be fined in the amount between 5.000 and 150.000 dinars. 
For offences Tasks referred to in paragraph 1, points 76), 77), 78) and 85) 
of this article an entrepreneur will be fined in the amount between 10.000 and 
500.000 dinars. 
Transitional Provisions 
Article 67 
Secondary legislation required for the enforcement of this law shall be 
adopted within 230 days from the date of entry into force of this law. 
Article 68 
The organisers are obliged to ensure that their business activities are in 
compliance with the provisions of Articles 2, 17, 23, 32, 44, 45, 49, 50, 56, 61 
and provisions of Article 63 hereof related to jackpot, as well as the provisions 
related to certified laboratories and legal entities authorized for repair of gaming 
tables and machines in accordance with Article 63 hereof, within 180 days from 
the effective date of this law.  
The organisers are obliged to ensure that their business activities are in 
compliance with the provisions of Articles 4, 9, 11, 13, 15, 29, 30, 41, 42, 51 
and 52 hereof, which provide for obligation of submitting an electronic request 
through information and communication system of the Administration within the 
timeframe set forth in paragraph 1 above.  
The organisers are obliged to ensure that their business activities are in 
compliance with the provisions of Articles 14, 48 and 62 of this law, as well as 
the provisions of Articles 18, 25 and 38 hereof, which provide for obligation to 
provide the Administration with the link that allows authorized representatives to 
monitor the video surveillance live and set the retention period for the video 
recordings, by 1 January 2026.  
The organisers are obliged to ensure that their business activities are in 
compliance with the provisions of Articles 22 and 39 hereof by 1 July 2026. 
Fees for approvals and organisation of games of chance in accordance with 
provisions of Articles 19, 34, 35, 46, 47, 54 and 55 hereof are calculated from 
the first day of the following month until the effective date of this law. 
Notwithstanding paragraph 5 above, the fee for each separate, 
undetachable part of the multiplayer automatic equipment referred to in Articles 
34 and 35 hereof is calculated from the first day of the following month until the 
date of expiry of the period defined in paragraph 1 above.  
Article 69 
Proceedings which have not been completed by the effective date of this 
law shall be completed in accordance with the provisions of the law that was in 
effect before the effective date of this law.  
If the decision of the Administration is annulled or repealed after the 
effective date of this law further proceedings will be carried out in accordance 
with the provisions of this law. 
Final Provision 
Article 70 
This law shall enter into force on the eighth day from the day it is 
published in the “Official Gazette of the Republic of Serbia” and shall become 
effective 30 days after the date of entry into force. 